And in one minute I'm going to talk a more cognitively list today, and maybe go to the details
tomorrow, as you all know.
Both of those are listed in the teaching. The post is generally reflecting the whole universe of
the world is impermanent.
The universe's worlds are impermanent. That's the one.
Second, which is reflected, the world inhabited in the universe's world is impermanent.
Second, that is the second reflection of the impermanent.
Third reflection of the impermanent is all those holy beings.
Noble beings are also the subject of the impermanent. Holy beings, noble beings, realization beings
are all subject of the impermanent.
And fourth impermanent reflect what we reflect, all those powerful mighty force, mighty force,
powerful, mighty force are subject impermanent. Everyone.
And then generally everything is impermanent, reflecting everything is impermanent. Everything is
impermanent.
There's nothing is not impermanent. Everything. And then, now what? Fifth or sixth? Fifth? Fifth.
Fifth. Fifth one is dead, individually thinking.
Also individually our own self is impermanent. Our self is impermanent. It's not going to last
forever. It's this. It's just our self is impermanent.
And the next one is strongly thinking of reflecting all that situation. Everything is how that
impermanent is really pervasive, pervasive to everything and that.
So, everything is impervious, pervasive of the impermanent. Those are what always in the teachings
are not for that.
This is what, again, when we reflect this, with reflecting of the precious lives, with reflecting
of the impermanent is known as meditation, particularly its mindfulness meditation.
You really bring up or will bring up the wisdom, that shine, not just living in a corner dark state
.
And then thinking of the impermanent in the teaching, always in the teaching, when you reflect the
impermanent, it's really great reflections, great reflections.
And what is Buddha's teaching? Buddha said, among all the conceptions in the thought, thinking of
impermanent is super, is supreme.
Among all the footprints of the beings, the elephant footprint is big, supreme.
So, he used the example. It's what it does. It makes, if I say it simply, when we think impermanent
, it makes our heart softer, more tender, more softer, more kinder, more nice to each other, nice to
each other.
And that means, when we become more kind and nice and wise, when we become, then we become more
also, more simple, happier.
And we're not going to struggle so much all the time. And we're not going to pick up small things
and make big kind of pus, sometimes we do.
Plus, spoil whole environment by small things. Really, we do. Maybe we have the 80% perfect,
beautiful, 85 or 75, 95% good.
But maybe the 5% is something, you know, we make sometimes big scene of this. And then spoil
everything, then become maybe 90% wrong, then bad.
We do that. We all do that. Not just few people, but we all do that.
Because due to our kind of like legitimate attitude of thinking, spoil everything.
So therefore, this thinking of the impermanent is really in the teachings, so special, so beautiful
, so tender, all that.
So I just thought to talk about really that. Then I thought maybe little bit details of those
things, each one, maybe tomorrow, that bit, of course we know that.
But those are the ones we should reflect always. Now with those understanding.